A poor man like you is an eyesore
It will ruin the good things in my family
It turns out that Su Ran seduced and sent it away for money?
Yeah.
A mother that sucks blood can't raise any good people
What's up?
Oh, are you an ancestor priest?
I am Su Ran's mother
I heard Su Ran say that you see it today
It's really extraordinary
Mom, give up
They already have a fiancée
Su Ran is right
I am Yan Ting's fiancee
Aunt Sun Jian and Su Ran were in college
The relationship has always been good
Now Sun Jian has a successful career
I believe he is with Su Ran
It will definitely be good to him.
What's up?
Don't talk. Come with me.
Xinting, Su Ran and Sun Jian, Mr. Xie
Su Ran and Sun Jian
It doesn't matter.
You take her away
Ah Su Ran
If you don't want to
No one will force you
Including Memorial Ting
Ouch, is that right?
My good daughter
How can you compare with the Human Sacrifice Sect in an instant?
Ouch.
What are you doing?
What are you doing? I thought you had something to say.
I admit that you and I were jealous when we were together
You don't have to respond to me.
But I want you to know that
Then you can't do it either
Locked door in conference room
How do people come into the meeting?